#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via gradio
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.3.0
    # via gradio
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.15.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
datasets==2.19.1
    # via -r requirements.in
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.1.1
    # via fastapi
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.111.0
    # via gradio
fastapi-cli==0.0.4
    # via fastapi
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
ffmpy==0.3.2
    # via gradio
filelock==3.14.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.53.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.3.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gradio==4.33.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio-client==0.17.0
    # via gradio
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   jupyterlab
huggingface-hub==0.23.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via gradio
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.25.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.3
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   torch
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.22.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.1
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lion-pytorch==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.9.0
    # via gradio
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.3
    # via torch
notebook==7.2.0
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   torchtext
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.1.3.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==8.9.2.26
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.0.2.54
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.2.106
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.4.5.107
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.1.0.106
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.20.5
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.5.40
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
orjson==3.10.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via jupyter-core
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.46
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==16.1.0
    # via datasets
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via datasets
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
pydantic-core==2.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via uvicorn
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.5.15
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   torchdata
    #   torchtext
    #   transformers
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.4.7
    # via gradio
safetensors==0.4.3
    # via transformers
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.37.2
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.12.1
    # via torch
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via transformers
tomlkit==0.12.0
    # via gradio
toolz==0.12.1
    # via altair
torch==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lion-pytorch
    #   torchdata
    #   torchtext
torchdata==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
torcheval==0.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
torchinfo==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
torchsummary==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
torchtext==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torchtext
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
transformers==4.41.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typer==0.12.3
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   gradio
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   torch
    #   torcheval
    #   typer
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
ujson==5.10.0
    # via fastapi
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   requests
    #   torchdata
uvicorn[standard]==0.30.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.22.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==11.0.3
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   uvicorn
widgetsnbextension==4.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
xxhash==3.4.1
    # via datasets
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
